<DOC>
<DOCNO> CNN19981225.1600.0310 </DOCNO>
<DOCTYPE> NEWS </DOCTYPE>
<TXTTYPE> CAPTION </TXTTYPE>
<TEXT>
As Americans enjoy a peaceful Christmas holiday at home, U.S. troops 
stationed in the Kuwaiti desert also celebrate, but with one eye on 
the iraqi border. Martin Savidge reports. Christmas landed at U.S. 
task force 315 base camp at 10:40 in the morning. Flown in by Santa 
and a reindeer, bearing a cake so big it took six men to lift. That 
didn't mean a whole lot to staff sergeant Jeffrey Barnes in his tank 
turret watching over the sprawling bases front gate in the Kuwaiti 
desert. This shift gets off at 1400. And that's when we kickback and 
relax and think about home, write letters. Atop of the guard tower, 
private Craig hedval was spending his first Christmas away from home, 
made obvious by his short and to-the-point answers as the colonel 
looked on. I miss the family at home. But I know my mission is here 
so I have duties here to accomplish before I can go home. The farther 
you get from the defensive perimeter, the closer christmas gets. For 
most, it's not so much a holiday but a welcome break in the monotony 
of an endless landscape. go! Run, run, run! Of course, for Americans 
it wouldn't really be Christmas day without that big football game. 
Alpha 19 versus fisk 19. The score, 12-6 in fiske favor. Stumbling, 
bumbling! ha, ha, ha! Okay, the game we got going right here now is 
the desert version of the denver Broncos and Minnesota Vikings. But 
there are some differences. Most of the teams back home don't play 
with their rifles at the ready on the sidelines. This is, after all, 
the closest U.S. base camp to the Iraqi border. For the more than 
1,200 men and women stationed here, the best the day offers is food. 
We're serving the traditional Christmas menus, Turkey, ham. And a 
phone call home. We're just getting ready to eat our little Christmas 
feast right now. The peace of a holiday season is welcomed here. But 
they guard it very carefully. Martin Savidge, CNN, in the Kuwaiti 
desert. 
</TEXT>
</DOC>